docs: Added readme, contributor guide, and templates. (#3)
BeksOmega/looping-layout: README.md

# Looping Layout

The Looping Layout Project is a LayoutManager for the Android RecyclerView. With this project you 
can add looping/circular/endless functionality to a RecyclerView.

> Unlike other solutions for creating a looping recycler that involve modifying the Adapter, this

Author: ```suggestion
Unlike other solutions for creating a looping recycler, which involve modifying the Adapter, this
```

                false                           // Pass whether the views are laid out in reverse.
                                                // False by default.
        );
        recyclerView.setLayoutManager(layoutManager);

        mAdapter = new MyAdapter(myDataset);
        recyclerView.setAdapter(mAdapter);
    }
    // ...
}
```

Example code was modified from [https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/ui/layout/recyclerview]. See
that for more information about RecyclerViews.

## :sparkles: Features 

Current:
 * Vertical and Horizontal Orientations.
 * LTR and RTL support.
 * ReverseLayout support for both orientations, as well as LTR, and RTL.
    
Future:
 * `notifyDataSetChanged` support.
 * Snap Helper support.
 * Public functions for finding items and positions.
 * Public functions for scrolling.
 * Drag and Drop support?

## :page_with_curl: License 

Looping Layout is licenced under the [Apache 2.0 License][apache].

This means it can be used for commercial, public, or private use. You are also free to modify
and/or distribute the software. You simply need to maintain the copyright included in each file,

> and the license that comes with the library.

Author: ```suggestion
and include the license when distributing the library.
```

## :green_heart: Contributing 

Contributions are always welcome! Contributing code, writing bug reports,
and commenting on feature requests are all super important to this project.

For more info about types of contributions and ways to contribute, please
see the [contribution guide][contributing].

## :question: Support 

> If you think you have found a bug definitely to report it using the [issue template][issue-template]! Just be sure

Author: ```suggestion
If you think you have found a bug definitely report it using the [issue template][issue-template]! Just be sure
```
